logging.active
    Should NoCheat related messages get logged at all. Some messages may still appear, e.g. error
     messages, even if this option is deactivated

logging.filename
    Where logs that go to the logfile are stored. You can have different files for different worlds.

logging.filelevel
    What log-level need messages to have to get stored in the logfile. Values are:
     low: all messages
     med: med and high messages only
     high: high messages only
     off: no messages at all.

logging.consolelevel
    What log-level need messages to have to get displayed in your server console. Values are:
     low: all messages
     med: med and high messages only
     high: high messages only
     off: no messages at all.

logging.chatlevel
    What log-level need messages to have to get displayed in the ingame chat. Values are:
     low: all messages
     med: med and high messages only
     high: high messages only
     off: no messages at all.

debug.showactivechecks
    Print to the console an overview of all checks that are enabled when NoCheat gets loaded.

moving.check
    If true, do various checks on PlayerMove events.

moving.flying.check
    If true, check if a player is flying too fast.
    If this and 'running.check' are true, running check will be done instead.

moving.flying.speedlimitvertical
    Set the speed limit for moving vertical while flying.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 100.

moving.flying.speedlimithorizontal
    Set the speed limit for moving horizontal while flying.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 22.

moving.flying.actions
    What should be done if a player flies faster than the speed limit(s). 
    Units are in 1/100 of a block above the limit.


moving.running.check
    If true, check if a player is running too fast/jumping too high.
    If this is true, 'flying.check' is ignored.

moving.running.speedlimit
    Set the speed limit for moving horizontal under 'normal' conditions.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 22.

moving.running.swimming.check
    If 'running.check' and this are active, use a seperate speed limit for swimming players.

moving.running.swimming.speedlimit
    Set the speed limit for moving horizontal while in water.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 18


moving.running.sneaking.check
    If 'running.check' and this are active, use a seperate speed limit for sneaking players.

moving.running.sneaking.speedlimit
    Set the speed limit for moving horizontal while sneaking.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 14


moving.running.actions
    What should be done if a player moves faster than the speed limit(s) or jumps higher than allowed.
    Units are in 1/100 of a block above the limit.


moving.morepackets.check
    If true, check if a player is sending too many 'move-packets' per second. In a normal game, the player won't send more than 22 packets per second.

moving.morepackets.actions
    What should be done if a player sends more 'move-packets' than normal.
    Units are packets per second above the limit.


moving.noclip.check
    If true, check if a player is moving into a solid wall. EXPERIMENTAL! DOESN'T WORK RELIABLY! USE WITH CAUTION AND ONLY FOR NOTIFICATIONS!

moving.noclip.actions
    What should be done if a player moves into a wall.
    Unit is number of walls a player walks into/through.


blockbreak.check
    If true, do various checks on BlockBreak events.

blockbreak.reach.check
    If true, check if a player is breaking blocks that are too far away.

blockbreak.reach.reachlimit
    Set the distance limit for breaking blocks.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 485

blockbreak.reach.actions
    What should be done if a player is breaking blocks that are too far away.
    Unit is number of break(attempt)s beyond the limit.


blockbreak.direction.check
    If true, check if a player is looking at the block that he's breaking.

blockbreak.direction.actions
    What should be done if a player is breaking blocks that are not in his line of sight.
    Unit is number of break(attempt)s outside the line of sight.


blockplace.check
    If true, do various checks on BlockPlace events.

blockplace.reach.check
    If true, check if a player is placing blocks at locations too far away.

blockplace.reach.reachlimit
    Set the distance limit for placing blocks.
    Unit is 1/100 of a block, default is 485

blockplace.reach.actions
    What should be done if a player is placing blocks that are too far away.
    Unit is number of place(attempt)s beyond the limit.


blockplace.onliquid.check
    If true, check if a player is trying to place non-liquid blocks against liquid blocks
    In a normal Minecraft game, it is impossible to place a block without it touching something that is considered solid (neither air nor a liquid).
    But if people use a modified client, to can do that. This check tries to identify that trick.

blockplace.onliquid.actions
    What should be done if a player is is trying to place non-liquid blocks against liquid blocks.
    Unit is number of place(attempt)s.


interact.check
    If true, do various checks on PlayerInteract events.

interact.durability.check
    If true, check if a player is using a hack that provides infinite durability items.

interact.durability.actions
    What should be done if a player is trying to use the hack.
    Unit is number of uses or attempts to use the hack.


chat.check
    If true, do various checks on PlayerChat events.

chat.spam.check
    If true, check if a player is spamming the chat.

chat.spam.timeframe
    Over what timeframe (in seconds) should the messages be counted?
    When the time is over, counting starts at 0 again.

chat.spam.limit
    How many messages per timeframe may the player send without it counting as spamming?

chat.spam.actions
    What should be done if a player is trying to spam the chat.
    Unit is number of chat messages above the limit you declared above.


